[GH#71] Take into account identifier aliases (#77)
iterorganization/IMAS-Python: docs/source/identifiers.rst

    print(csid.total.index)
    print(csid.total.description)

    # Access identifiers with aliases (when available)
    mid = imas.identifiers.materials_identifier
    print(mid["235U"])        # Access by canonical name
    print(mid["U_235"])       # Access by alias

>     print(mid["235U"].alias)  # Print the alias

Reviewer: No need to print the alias here.

    # 3. Assign an integer. This looks up the index in the identifier enum:
    core_sources.source[0].identifier = 1

    # Identifiers can still be assigned with the old alias name for backward compatibility:

>     materials = imas.IDSFactory().materials()

Reviewer 2: `materials `ids is not present in the data dictionary. Could you use wall IDS which uses `materials_indentfier`.

    # 3. Assign an integer. This looks up the index in the identifier enum:
    core_sources.source[0].identifier = 1

>     # For identifiers with aliases, you can also assign using the alias:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Identifiers can still be assigned with the old alias name for backward compatibility:
```

    imas.util.inspect(core_sources.source[1].identifier)

Identifier aliases
------------------

Some identifiers may have aliases defined in the Data Dictionary. An alias provides

> an alternative name for accessing the same identifier value. This is particularly

Reviewer: We should not say it provides an alternative name, as this sounds like there is no preference, but better say that aliases are former names kept as an option to ensure better backward compatibility after a change.

useful where multiple naming conventions exist.

Aliases can be accessed in the same ways as canonical names.

> Aliases starting with a number can be accessible using ["235U"] but not 

Reviewer: This case is not an alias but the canonical identifier. But indeed the recent change in DD was the first time identifier names starting with numbers were introduced. I don't like so much that some identifier are simply absent from the enum, so I would 
1. put little emphasis on enum (explaining that this may be convenient when tab-exploring interactively) and codes shall better focused on dict key access
2. decide to prepend all enum with an underscore to avoid issues with digits and ensuring that they are all symbolic names at the end
3. not sure if we want to have the alias as enum too, if people are using it in code it may be useful, but maybe we can advise against it and say explicitly that this is only for interactive exploring convenience? what do you think @maarten-ic
